hello everyone I'm dan and I'm here
new on island minecraft news for
bring the latest news of the
future version 1.4 these days has not
there was hardly news since bojan has
been at the video game fair packs
but I bring you some news that is
have filtered so let's start
a user of redit commented that
jeff and nathan adams announced in the pax
that he webber same or wanted from the
next way first
we would have to get the heads of
skeletons
the new decorative block that you
shows on the previous island minecraft
news and then in some way we can
invoke the winter when you want
notice that this information has not
could contrast and therefore could
be false
more things a twitter user will
proposed to Nathan to implement a
area milk potion ie the
that are launched as I suppose already
you will know when drinking milk they are eliminated
all the effects of our character
both good and bad so
that that portion of area can be a
good way to counteract the position
of invisibility
the case is that they are born adams commented that
maybe they would
finally a good news jeff has
commented on his twitter that tomorrow there will be
snapshot so it's likely that
many of the novelties if I have been
commenting these days we can see them
finally in the game
Well that was all for the moment
tomorrow as you will naps or not upload a
video until it comes out what it means
that depending on the time at which
exit the snapshot you will have the video
sooner or later the first video will be a
first glance explaining some of the
news and later or the next day
upload a much more complete video
with all the news totally
detailed as nothing more than a greeting and
until the next video